# I-O-and-Run-Time-dynamic-Arrays

Part 0 –Create a MenuYou should create a menu that gives access to each of the parts of the assignment.Show this menu and make it function properly.  If the user inputs something incorrect, correct them and loop the menu and prompt.

Part 1 –1D MathWrite a function to drive part 1.  Write several other functions to complete each task.A –Fill the Array)Ask the user for a size and dynamically allocatean integer array based on that size.  Ask the user for a minimum integer and a maximum integer.  Fill the array with random integers between the minimum value and maximum value entered.Sort it! Display the contents of the array. Create a function to average your array values that willtake an int* for the array and an integer for the size and return the average of the values in the array.Prototype example: int CalculateAverage(int* numberList, int size);Create a function to Sort your array.  Create a function to find the median that willtake an int* for the array and an integer for the size and return the medianof the values in the array.

Part 2–Single Dimension Character ArrayWrite a void function to drive Part 2.A –Filling the array)Ask the user for a size and dynamically allocatethe array based on that size.  Initialize the array to contain all ‘\0’ characters.Write a function to return a random lower-case letter.Prototype example: char getRandomChar()Write a function to fill the array with random lower-case letters.  Use your previously created function in this function.Prototype example: void fillArray(char* letters, int size);
B –Menu)Give the user a menu of options to process the array:1.Check frequency of a letter2.Remove a letter3.Sort4.Return to main menuC –Processing)Menu Option 1 –Get a character from the user.  Either safety-check it, or force it to be lower-case.Create a function that returns an integer.  This function should take the array, the letter and the size.Prototype: int getFrequencyOf(charletters*, int size, char item);Youwill loop through the array and count each matching instance of the character the user inputted. Return the final count.Output the result and ask if they want to do another process.Menu Option 2 –Get a character from the user.  Either safety-check it,or force it to be lower-case.Create a function that will remove ALL instances of the specified character from your array.Prototype: void removeCharacter(char letters*, int size, char item);This should not leave gaps in your array.  Make sure you ‘shuffle down’ the contents of the array to fill in the gaps. Make sure you properly place the ‘\0’After processing the array, output the array with a printf(“%s”) statement to prove you processed it correctly.Ask if they want to do another process.Menu Option 3 –Write a function to sort the array alphabetically.  Prototype: void sortArray(char letters*, int size);

Part 3–2D ProcessingPart 2 will have you doing the single dimensional operations to a 2D array of strings.Write a void function to drive Part 2.Part 2 starts by asking the user how many strings they want to create and the max length of the strings.Each of these string will be putin a row of their own in a 2D character array.  Remember to end each row with a ‘\0’.After you have received the inputs –output the strings to confirm they were inputted correctly.Give the user a menu of options to process the array:1.Check frequency ofa letter2.Remove a letter3.Return to Main MenuApply the operation the user selects to ALL of the strings in the 2D array.Each time an operation finishes output the results for each row.
